README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Kibibit/kb-frosted-cards/" target="blank"><img src="https://thatkookooguy.github.io/https-assets/screenshots/kb-frosted-cards-logo.gif" width="400" alt="achievibit Logo" />
  </a>
  <h2 align="center">
    @kibibit/kb-frosted-cards
  </h2>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kibibit/kb-frosted-cards"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@kibibit/kb-frosted-cards/latest.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&color=CB3837"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/custom-components/hacs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  Make HA Cards and Popups blur everything behind them.
</p>
<hr>


## Installation
### HACS

1. Go to the Community Store.
2. Select `Frontend`.
3. Click on the `+` button
4. Search for `kibibit Frosted Cards`.
5. Click on it.
6. Press `Install this Repository in HACs`.
7. When prompted, reload the frontend

## How it looks?
![](https://thatkookooguy.github.io/https-assets/screenshots/kb-frosted-cards-example1.gif)
![](https://thatkookooguy.github.io/https-assets/screenshots/kb-frosted-cards-example2.png)

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Neil Kalman](https://github.com/thatkookooguy)
- Website - [https://github.com/kibibit](https://github.com/kibibit)
- StackOverflow - [thatkookooguy](https://stackoverflow.com/users/1788884/thatkookooguy)
- Twitter - [@thatkookooguy](https://twitter.com/thatkookooguy)
- Twitter - [@kibibit_opensrc](https://twitter.com/kibibit_opensrc)

Commit message:

feat(instructions): add back the missing manual instructions

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Kibibit/kb-frosted-cards/" target="blank"><img src="https://thatkookooguy.github.io/https-assets/screenshots/kb-frosted-cards-logo.gif" width="400" alt="achievibit Logo" />
  </a>
  <h2 align="center">
    @kibibit/kb-frosted-cards
  </h2>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kibibit/kb-frosted-cards"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@kibibit/kb-frosted-cards/latest.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&color=CB3837"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/custom-components/hacs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  Make HA Cards and Popups blur everything behind them.
</p>
<hr>

## Installation
### HACS

1. Go to the Community Store.
2. Select `Frontend`.
3. Click on the `+` button
4. Search for `kibibit Frosted Cards`.
5. Click on it.
6. Press `Install this Repository in HACs`.
7. When prompted, reload the frontend

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder named `kb-frosted-cards` in your `config/www` folder.
2. Copy the file `kb-frosted-cards.js` into that folder.
3. In HA GUI, go to `Configuration` => `Lovelace Dashboards` => `Resources`, and click the `+` button to add a resource.
4. A popup will open. In the url field, fill in `/local/kb-frosted-cards/kb-frosted-cards.js`, and select `JavaScript Module` in the dropdown.
5. Refresh the Home Assistant Frontend.

## How does it look?
![](https://thatkookooguy.github.io/https-assets/screenshots/kb-frosted-cards-example1.gif)
![](https://thatkookooguy.github.io/https-assets/screenshots/kb-frosted-cards-example2.png)

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Neil Kalman](https://github.com/thatkookooguy)
- Website - [https://github.com/kibibit](https://github.com/kibibit)
- StackOverflow - [thatkookooguy](https://stackoverflow.com/users/1788884/thatkookooguy)
- Twitter - [@thatkookooguy](https://twitter.com/thatkookooguy)
- Twitter - [@kibibit_opensrc](https://twitter.com/kibibit_opensrc)
